1. cliff: i like this level, though i think it has no big new ideas
2. deficient: can't solve the diamond..
   looks like the icicles can be thrown against, caused me to have to restart
3. easy mode:  i think the crystal is easier than the previous 2 levels
  level should have more space - left ledge very small, plus blocks need to go to far left to avoid getting stuck (if you dont know about holding down)
4. manhole: easy, not interesting
5. sack:  nice level, first room ledge is a bit small
6.  cell: double globals is new, though it seems they behave as you'd expect. funny trick to hide from acid - I realized it right away. but somehow I got stuck for awhile after that, although it was simple in the end. my excuse is... I was expecting something harder.  the final jump is unnecessarily hard - why not make the left ledge stick out more?
cell diamond:  was quite tricky to get into paradox - i wouldn't have found it if i didnt know it existed.  the paradox itself is a decent level.  but there are also some weird facts explored here, like that the fan doesn't blow while on a block, and that the green items attempt to spawn in the beginning of loading a room, which I think makes for a worse experience.  overall i didn't find the mechanics too questionable in the end, but slightly so

7. locky triad: is easy and unnecessarily tedious. oobleck can at least be next to entrance.  diamond is decent, not great
8. rabbit hole: funny level, i liked it. feels impossible at first but theres only really one thing to do and ends up not too hard.  I used the clutch trick, which seems to show up too much..

9. sunken: good level, a little similar to rabbit hole, though.

10. barter: fun level
11. high tide: nice glitch level usage (used to avoid water), diamond good too (used to transport)
12. mutual: good level, similar to mine but better.
    diamond: good level, fun idea, moderate difficulty.  ledge is kinda small
13. share: very good level
    good diamond too, except timing is tight

14. borrow: lots of stuff going on in this, would be nice to simplify.  in the main room, it's weird that you can't jump into a room on the lower ledge

15. flightless ruby: not a big fan, holding item while jumping is used in main game already

16. low tide: very tricky lots of jar hiding madness
diamond: unfortunate i cant see the goal room at first.  idea is to have fan blow key off screen

final four levels look great, aesthetically

- uphill: great puzzle
   diamond:  kinda unfair, not a fan

DIDNT LIKE:
-  locky triad crystal
- manhole

NOT DONE:
- deficient diamond
- uphill diamond
- squash
share diamond
